README.md, before:

# Save-Or-Shave

A demo project for my Movember 2022 fundraising campaign. (May not be completed until 2023, or perhaps will be slightly improved each year)

The idea is that the website will scrape data from the Movember donations page and allow people to donate to vote to Save or Shave my moustache using keywords in their donation message.

The website will graphically display the running results of the donation campaign and direct people to the Movember page to make direct donations.

## Usage
- Follow Tutorials listed below to install the required NodeJS packages (Node, npm, express, puppeteer, etc...)
- Use "npm start" to start the server (in dev mode with nodemon to auto-reload)
- go to "localhost:3000" to view the hosted package
- Will eventually be using Heroku to host the webpage (Or google hosting is possible too (I think))

## TO-DO

For ALPHA release:
- Get puppeteer working on Heroku

For BETA release:
- Timeout when fetching from fake account
- Improve username errors / explain loading errors / other errors to user

- Improve Instructions Page
- Better responsive display
- Add Beta feedback page


### Resources Used
https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/web-scraping-javascript/ - Options / Puppeteer
https://codepen.io/JustSaas/pen/xYwLag - Cup loading image
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/render-dynamic-content-in-nodejs-using-templates-a58cae681148 - Express
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/244183/how-to-display-a-loading-screen-while-site-content-loads - Loading Page Via XMLHTTPRequest
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69604544/how-to-send-data-from-server-to-client-in-express - requesting / sending just JSON data to page

### Useful Dev Info
https://save-or-shave.herokuapp.com/ // site URL
git push heroku HEAD:master // Push to heroku
heroku logs --tail // see heroku logs from application

Commit message:

feat: Switch from puppeteer to JSDOM

README.md, after:

# Save-Or-Shave

A demo project for my Movember 2022 fundraising campaign. (May not be completed until 2023, or perhaps will be slightly improved each year)

The idea is that the website will scrape data from the Movember donations page and allow people to donate to vote to Save or Shave my moustache using keywords in their donation message.

The website will graphically display the running results of the donation campaign and direct people to the Movember page to make direct donations.

## Usage
- Follow Tutorials listed below to install the required NodeJS packages (Node, npm, express, puppeteer, etc...)
- Use "npm start" to start the server (in dev mode with nodemon to auto-reload)
- go to "localhost:3000" to view the hosted package
- Will eventually be using Heroku to host the webpage (Or google hosting is possible too (I think))

## TO-DO

For ALPHA release:
- Switch from puppeteer to Cheerio or JSDOM / other scraping / parsing technique

For BETA release:
- Timeout when fetching from fake account
- Improve username errors / explain loading errors / other errors to user

- Improve Instructions Page
- Better responsive display
- Add Beta feedback page


### Resources Used
https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/web-scraping-javascript/ - Options / Puppeteer
https://codepen.io/JustSaas/pen/xYwLag - Cup loading image
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/render-dynamic-content-in-nodejs-using-templates-a58cae681148 - Express
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/244183/how-to-display-a-loading-screen-while-site-content-loads - Loading Page Via XMLHTTPRequest
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69604544/how-to-send-data-from-server-to-client-in-express - requesting / sending just JSON data to page

### Useful Dev Info
https://save-or-shave.herokuapp.com/ // site URL
git push heroku HEAD:master // Push to heroku
heroku logs --tail // see heroku logs from application
